How to use the RNG Testing Lua Script:
--------------------------------------------------
1) Make sure that all of the files from
the .zip file are in the same folder
as the script.

2) Open the version of the Lua script you want 
to use - RNG_Script (Value/Index Version).lua.

    Value Version - Allows you to input
    specific RNG values to test.

    Index Version - Allows you to input
    specific RNG indices to test (indices
    will be easier to work with for a
    full-game run than values).

3) Replace the following variable/values in that file:

    filename - This should be the name of
    the savestate for the star you're finding RNG for, 
    including the extension (either .st or .savestate).

    cur_rng_val/cur_rng_ind - Which one
    you fill in will depend on the script
    version you're using. This should be the
    value or index that you want to start testing
    with (you can find the current value or index
    in STROOP's Misc tab). If you want to go through
    all values, you can start at 0 (no matter which
    version you're using).

    last_rng_val/last_rng_ind - This should be the last
    value or index that you want to test. Mupen will pause
    after this one is tested. To bypass this and let the script 
    run indefinitely, set it to -3 (no matter which version 
    you're using).

    "elseif (timer == 745) then" - This line is located
    later down in the script. To find the number you
    should replace 745 with, first find the frame number
    that your savestate loads on, and then find a frame
    number on which your "success" condition (star collected 
    or coin count reached) should be met. If you're using an m64
    that starts from a savestate already, then you can just use the
    frame number from Mupen on the frame your condition is met.
    If you're using an m64 that starts from reset, then subtract the 
    frame number that your savestate loads on from the frame number 
    on which your condition should be met. The result is what you 
    should put into this line. For example, if the savestate loads on
    frame 500, and a star is collected on frame 600, then we would do 
    605 - 500. With the result being 105, we would now fill in the line 
    to be "elseif (timer == 105) then". If we had an m64 that started from 
    a savestate, and a star is collected on frame 500, then we would just 
    fill in the line to be "elseif (timer == 105) then".

4) Save your edits to the script file, and then open up Mupen
if you haven't already. Load your m64 file (make sure
to be in read-only mode), and then run the Lua script.
The script will then start running, and will show the
current value or index being tested in the top left corner.
If a successful RNG value is found, it will be printed in the
Lua console, along with its index. It will also be written to
a text file that can be found in the same folder as the script.

5) If you set an ending value or index, make sure to remember
to stop running the script after it completes testing, otherwise 
you'll be unable to unpause your Mupen.

Tips:
- Use a lightweight graphics plugin in Mupen (Jabo is good
for this)
- Use a non-visual input plugin instead of TASInput
- Set the window resolution to be as small as possible
- Hold down Tab while Mupen is selected, and then click
away from the window to set it to always be on fast-forward
- If your computer can handle it, consider opening up a few
more Mupen instances, all running with different, exclusive 
RNG ranges (so that you can avoid overlap between the values
they're testing), and make sure these are all using the 
fast-forward tip (for example, have one go from 0 to 500, 
and another from 501 to 1000, etc.)